This is a head-gum original.
Get ready for the ultimate cozy winter night in, brought to you by Beam.
Beam is a functional wellness brand that makes CBD products to help you pursue your
better and push the boundaries of what's possible.
For a limited time only Beam's best-selling sleep product, dream powder, hot cocoa, now comes
in delicious white chocolate peppermint.
It's ready, right?
Swirls of peppermint mix with creamy white chocolate for the guilt-free hot cocoa
of your holiday dreams.
It's the perfect winter wind down for those cold snowy nights.
It's triple-abtested in contains the ultimate sleep promoting ingredients, nano CBD,
rashi, magnesium, elthianine, and melatonin with no added sugar or artificial sweeteners.
So curl up with a cup of white chocolate peppermint dream, right before bed time, get your
best sleep ever.
I do not sleep well, it's very hard for me to fall asleep this is real and products that contain
these kinds of things are huge for me and to have it all in hot cocoa is unbelievable not
only for December but for me and my well-being or my well-beaming.
People absolutely love dream powder.
In the reviews, Jennifer M. wrote, I've suffered from insomnia for years.
I've tried just about every supplement on the market and this is by far the most effective.
I'm very grateful for it.
I fall asleep quickly and sleep deeper and longer.
Thank you, Beam.
Melanie wrote, this stuff is legit.
I'm a gym rat who just turned 50 and has sleep issues.
I take this at 10 p.m. and I sleep from 11 to 6 a.m. and the best part is that I've wake up
feeling refreshed and ready to hit the gym.
Wow.
So listen, the white chocolate peppermint dream powder only lasts for a limited time so get
it while it's hot and great news.
If you subscribe now, you can take advantage of Beam's best sale of the year for Black
Friday and Cyber Monday.
You'll get 40% off the first three months of a peppermint dream subscription plus a free
mug and frothor or 20% off just a one-time purchase.
Again, this is Beam's biggest sale of the year and just like the new flavor, it won't
last long.
And to beamorganics.com slash headgum, that's B-E-A-M, organics.com slash headgum.
For 40% off, the first three months of a subscription plus free mug and frothor or 20% off
plus free mug and frothor or 20% off a one-time purchase, pause or cancel at any time.
Thanks, Beam.
Headgum, podcast or back at it again, I'm in such a good mood today.
I mean, it would take so much to sour me so you guys can come out with everything that
you have and it's still going to be fun to me because this show is a blast to do.
Especially with this.
Is that a tattoo?
What do you have on your arm there?
Yeah, I got it.
It's a lemon.
Is that new?
It's new.
I asked for like a dancing bear, but they gave me a, they sold me a lemon.
Nice.
Wait, what, what is that?
Why would you get that?
It's such a prominent location, too.
It's for my dead dog.
Yeah.
Um.
Jesus, I'm, that's really cool.
But that's your first, like, visible.
How does it connect to your dead dog?
So my dog, who's dead, um, you should never want to play with any toys, but, uh, if you
would throw a lemon across the room, he would play fetch with me.
So I kind of was missing him.
Johnny, let's see your chest piece.
Absolutely not.
Not on the video.
Why not?
Because that's reserved for very special eyes.
You have a tattoo on your chest.
Yeah, it's an angel, a guardian angel, holy shit.
And that's the only tattoo you have is his huge thing.
I have another tattoo.
It's smaller.
It's, uh, it's a fidget spinner.
It's a fidget spinner.
No.
All right.
Well, I all explained it in a second.
This is a sound of Johnny taking off.
I mean, he's absolutely achieved lift up.
Also, we should say that it's, it, we've zacked done on the show today.
Uh, you're in the third time I talk before I talk before being introduced, I'm really sorry.
But I'm really excited to be here.
I feel I guess because I'm in the three time or school, but I feel so comfortable that
I feel like I could just not even wait for stuff like that.
And also, I was on that one episode where you called me.
So I don't know if that, you know, we're going to have time or club maybe.
If you want to call it the three and a half timers club, then yeah, welcome to the
toilet deal.
Thank you.
We can't play copyright areas like anymore because we, um, we're doing these video
episodes.
I was going to say is that you should know that you're on video now on YouTube.
Okay.
That's the thing that you decided to wait to tell me until we started.
That's good.
I mean, I don't know.
I don't think I'd like do anything weird visually.
So it's fine.
It's all like you got me.
Well, you did.
You didn't.
You told me your hair back.
You said.
No, I said it.
This is, this is, my hair is just, this is just normal.
How it is.
You look like insight put together Zach.
So I could have been able to tell that you didn't know this was a video episode.
Yeah.
Thank you so much.
You know, I guess I still want my friends to think I look nice.
You know what I mean?
Even the audiences and looking at me, I value you guys all European and Johnny were new
friends, you know, but I still know that I don't get this cool chest tattoo like
you're I want you.
Look.
Good.
So already getting into some good stuff, but let's get our head in the game.
Jesus Christ in the game.
Amir, I haven't talked to you for like two weeks.
And what a respite it's been.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yep.
You have, but I don't know, are you at going to ask me a question?
We do text.
We've spoken like over text over the last two weeks.
I wasn't on last week's episode of That's what you mean.
That's, I guess what I mean.
Yeah.
Anything new?
I was in Florida last week.
Yeah.
You had a funny Instagram story where you were just kind of pointing out the, not even
an idiot of synchrysis, just kind of detritus that comes with the state itself.
The what?
The detritus, the garbage, the, the things that should be disposed of in terms of culture
and joy.
Oh.
I've never heard that word.
Yeah.
But Florida's different to be sure.
That's nice to see how the other half live, you know, they, you know, they act like
there's no pandemic.
So it was nice to take a little COVID vacation of sorts.
So you're walking around malls in indoor dining, outdoor dining, not a mask in sight.
They really leave it up to the people to decide whether or not they're going to mask
up and Florida is filled with people that have decided not to really California should
be the one that leaves it up to their citizens.
It's kind of ironic in that way, because we would probably mask up regardless, it should
be stricter there and looser here, but I guess if you flip it around everybody would
just move states, so like it's kind of like a game theory in that regard, like there's
no way to achieve an ideal equilibrium, like people sort of gravitate towards like-minded
communities.
So yeah, sorry, you were telling me to vamp, and then you told me to stop, stop, that's
enough stop.
So I guess I'm done.
Well, hey, that was really interesting, Amir, thank you for sharing all that.
Yeah, I mean, I have an amateur sociologist of sorts, so it's kind of cool to bring up
these like kind of fun, interesting population-related hypotheticals, I guess.
Anyone who travels as an amateur sociologist, then by your logic?
Major Kielert.
Oh, that was it.
Anybody, yeah, anybody who travels as a amateur.
So yeah, of course.
Did you live as the Romans do in Florida?
So you weren't wearing masks, I was outdoors, no mask indoors, like I went to a Walmart
for the first time.
I've never been near a Walmart, because there's not really any L.A. or New York, or at least
not in places that I've ever been to.
So it was fun to like go inside one of these classic American institutions, you know, Walmart
and employees, almost two million Americans, and I've never been inside one, so it's
cool to be like, oh, this is where you can buy chicken and an assault rifle, and there's
also like shoes and toys.
All in one magical place, it's kind of cool.
Yeah.
Did you buy all those things just to kind of have the full experience?
Yeah, so I got a moths of all soup and a BB rifle.
Checked out at the same place.
I got Van looking to get somebody told me that Walmart has 150, 150,000 products versus
like Costco, which has like 5,000.
I don't say there's so many stats about Walmart.
I'm telling you aren't it.
I'm an amateur sociologist.
It's not so spicy.
I like this.
You're a statistician.
Is that what it is?
Statistition.
Yeah.
You guys been to Walmart?
Of course.
I live right by Walmart back at home.
It is a classic there.
No, Walmart is like the lesser version of Target.
So we go to Target instead to do our groceries.
Where we don't have to live in fear, turning every corner at a Walmart.
Yeah.
Where do they like a New Jersey?
There's a lot of eyes on you all the time.
It feels like people are looking at you not to steal things at Walmart.
That's what it's for.
Yeah.
Target is like a bed in breakfast, whereas Walmart is a hostel.
From the movie.
Yeah.
It's funny at Walmart.
You feel like there's a Target on you.
And at Target.
I don't know.
Maybe like a Walmart.
Well, it doesn't work both ways, but like it was pretty interesting.
It was still working.
It's like crazy.
Yeah.
What's that?
It's so close.
I can't get good.
Yeah.
It is.
I like the readers.
The readers.
Sorry.
I'm trying to figure it out.
No.
Yeah.
Use the radio thing.
That's like an additive thing.
Yeah.
It just feels like it's hard to guess.
Sort of it.
I feel like if anything, I should kind of get to speak.
You're getting cut off, basically.
I was trying to get off a mirror, but there's like a delay.
Look, I'm going to, I just hit it right there.
Game over.
Because I got so flat.
I was trying to puncture it.
I was trying to add not to the fact.
Yeah.
Sorry that it didn't go the way.
If you don't fall flat, you don't like repeat it all the time.
Next time, I'll do that.
That's good.
Fast.
I can see how fast that played after me.
So that's good.
I hope I don't get that.
You know what I mean?
Oh my god.
That's like getting gone.
Yeah.
Please, please don't get me that.
But I was just going to say I like the readers at Walmart.
And I think that is something that Target doesn't have.
And that's just basically what I want to act.
I'm so glad to be back on the podcast.
I'm bringing so much to the table.
It's just like electric, the kind of vibes I pray.
And you welcome everybody.
Well, we do.
I want to get all your guys.
It's thoughts on this.
This is a weekly segment.
We've been doing Zach.
This is something new since the last time you were on.
Great.
Bond.
Come on.
James Bond of the week.
So Daniel Craig is out.
And we don't know who's in.
And we don't know how long it's going to take.
So every week until the next Bond is cast.
We're lobbying up ideas for who we would love to see as James.
Do you have a bond of the week?
Yeah.
That's a really good question.
I wasn't prepared.
I was at all for this, you know.
But I have improv training as you know.
So it's easy for me to come up with an actor who I think would be good.
Yeah.
We've settled the fact that he doesn't have to be from the UK.
That's really good.
Yeah.
That really helps.
I think you should go with someone's funny like maybe Mike Myers because he's kind of done
Austin Powers, which is so close.
And then I think you get him doing Bond.
And it's like he's he's wearing old pair of shoes.
You know what I mean?
And he can be funny if we want or he would be really serious.
If we want.
Because maybe the character from Austin Powers could be in the movie too.
That's a little bit of a reductive way of viewing it.
But I think it would have Austin Powers type energy combined with that James Bond type
Swagger in a way that would be box office Benanza.
That's cool.
Yeah.
And I'd write the dance.
I think it would have Austin Powers type energy combined with that James Bond type Swagger
in a way that would be box office Benanza.
That's cool.
Yeah.
And I'd write the dance thing if they'd love me.
I think it'd be fun.
I don't know.
That's a part of the game.
But I'd love to crack it that.
I need the money for something like that.
Oh my god.
Yeah.
Even if it's going to be using your script.
You finish this by the way.
So it is your idea and your IP.
But you're not even excited about it to write it more the idea.
You were excited about the paycheck.
No.
I mean, I'm obviously excited about the idea.
I came up with the idea.
I'm just mentioning the paycheck.
I'm not one of these guys who's like.
Not going to touch my James Bond starring Mike Myers buddy.
Like money matters.
I live in a capitalist world.
I can't ignore that.
So.
You guys can only say what he doesn't have it.
Yeah.
I love cash too.
I'd love to like have it some writing credits on that as well.
You okay.
You want multiple.
What would you do?
Johnny.
I'm going to give you a ghost story.
I was me.
Well.
Co-scree.
Ghost play.
Thank you.
Actually, the WGA just.
There's a new rule where you can get additional writing material credit on a live action
features.
So I'm going to give that to a mirror.
So what is that until additional writing credit?
You know, it's basically just like people who did a pass on a movie or worked on it.
You used to not get any credit for that.
That's the thing that the Gilm's voted on and lobbied for.
For people like you and me are who brought a lot to the idea.
It's a fun movie.
But like I feel like he brought it as much as I did.
And that's next to nothing.
Yeah.
No.
You'll be in the next two, Jeffrey.
Don't worry.
You were not going to have to say it.
He weren't even going to have the idea that I introduced the segment.
And then you said, I've been prop training.
I can come up with something.
Now you're suddenly like striking gold theoretically.
You can't even tell me how an idea happens.
It's just about the idea.
You know, it's not.
I'm not going to.
I'm going to do a key said she said for like what got.
Oh, my parents give birth to me.
They deserve partial credit.
You know what?
I wouldn't give them partial credit.
You give them credit for that.
You brought up the next answer.
They could code direct.
Have they ever directed?
I'm my dad's been in kind of managerial positions in his life.
So he could be sort of a directing directing.
Directing is the easiest part, right?
Because you're just sort of like, you're in the middle.
Everyone sort of telling you what to do.
The DP's like, I want the frame to look like this.
And the actor's like, I know it words to read and where to stand.
And then the director's like, all right.
Action.
You can almost get it.
Totally.
Not really.
They're at the helm of the entire ship.
They're the captain.
You can almost get like an MP3 player.
That's his action every 42 minutes and get like 70% of what a director does.
Yeah, how do we add and maybe we get so it's press for doing that.
Pretty easy.
MP3 player.
Yeah.
MP3 by the way.
Not a file.
I was kneeling back for my James Bond movies.
That's really funny.
That'd be really funny.
So who gets the directing credit?
A mirror for the idea or an actual iPod Nano.
I think it would be like director.
MP3.
That's cool.
Yeah.
So this title looks directed by director dot MP3.
Or is it just a title card that says director MP3?
No, the first thing you said.
Okay.
Are you crazy?
Yeah.
It was cool.
It's cool.
It wouldn't say just director MP3.
That doesn't mean anything.
Yeah.
Yes, right.
It doesn't mean anything.
It's just saying like it would he say just like Steve Spielberg at the middle of a movie.
It would be like directed by Steven Spielberg.
That's the credit.
Yeah, but Steven Spielberg's a human director.
You're talking about a you said it was a file, which a movie's just a file.
So it's like is the file attached to the movie?
Oh, that's not about idea.
If we can zip the two files that way.
People can just sort of uncompress it at their own leisure.
Oh, yes.
The two files will be the DCP.
It would be the digital cinema package that has the movie.
And then it would be just the audio waveform of someone saying action every 42 minutes.
And you're going to watch that back to back.
Is that the way you're doing this?
Yeah.
That's two different things.
Waves and MP3s.
You should probably like brush.
What?
Aren't you actually a podcast?
Yes.
That you should know the difference between a wave.
Yeah.
MP3s have waveforms.
It's just not dot wave.
You're going to get this.
Okay.
It's good.
Nice.
So before.
I'm a nerd.
Like, I thought you're going to talk about nerd shit.
I don't know what.
Like, yeah.
That's crazy.
I'm talking about.
Just bond.
Yeah.
We're talking about a high budget.
Exactly.
But you're saying all these things for sure about how the movies can be like, yeah.
I actually think Ray finds is going to be in the movie.
And he is going to be playing Dr. Evil.
Sorry.
So he's not even going to be playing a character.
He has played in the franchise.
He's going to play Dr. Evil from Austin Powers in James Bond.
Think about it this way.
Of course.
Two of the most evil characters ever.
Dr. Evil.
To know a way that's number one for LVU.
Two.
Okay.
Who played Voldemort?
Ray finds.
Wow.
You're accessing that kind of evil power for him.
Yeah.
But Dr. Evil.
In fact, at the end of the movie, it's revealed that Dr. Evil has been Voldemort the whole
talk.
So Voldemort's also in this James Bond movie.
I wonder if that's public domain by now.
We can sort of miss Mixie Machie sort of.
Because it's 99, right?
I think it is.
And because of how mad everyone is at JK Rowling.
Exactly.
Like who's going to hear that trial in court?
You know what?
You're going to win.
She's trans.
I'm going to win.
Yeah.
I'm awesome.
Like progressive.
Like no one would do that to me.
Yeah.
I'm awesome in life progressive.
Where is the lie?
We do have to take a quick break.
And then we'll come back with another segment or something.
Hello, fresh for sponsoring this episode of our show.
Guys, with Hello, Fresh, you get fresh, pre-pourced ingredients and seasonal recipes
delivered right to your door stoop.
Right?
Skip the trip to the grocery store and count on Hello, Fresh to make home cooking easy, fun,
and affordable, which is why it's America's number one meal kit.
The holidays can be hectic, but Hello, Fresh helps keep things simple.
With recipes that cut back on meal prep and clean up, so you can spend less
time in the kitchen in more quality time with friends and family.
But don't forget dessert.
You can satisfy your sweet tooth with seasonal limited time goodies, like ginger-spiced cake
truffles or cherry cheesecake, swirl bars.
I have used Hello, Fresh.
I've also used other meal kit delivery systems, subscriptions.
It is by far the tastiest, by far the easiest.
A lot of other ones say that you can make their things in less than 30 minutes.
Not necessarily true with Hello, Fresh.
It is 100% true.
So go to Hello, Fresh.com slash.
What's that?
14 and use code.
14 for up to 14 free meals and three free gifts.
Again, that's Hello, Fresh.com slash.
What's that?
14 and code.
14 for 14 free meals and three gifts.
Hello, Fresh.
America's number one meal kit.
Thank you to better help for sponsoring this episode of our show.
Go to betterhelp.com slash.
What's that?
Guys, life is full of stressors, right?
It doesn't matter who you are or what you do or what you have.
Your life's probably stressful.
And you may not be feeling totally down and out and depressed or like you're at a total loss.
But if your stress is high, your temporary short of unusual or even if you're starting to feel strain
in any of your relationships, you could probably use a chance to unload.
So unload the stress and get it out by talking to somebody who's completely unbiased about
your life.
Someone who's not going to judge you or take sides on anything.
Especially when there's things that you feel like you can't tell anyone in your life,
or you feel like you can't unload to family and friends, but you need to unload it.
That's what therapy can be.
Better help is customize online therapy that offers video, phone, and even live chat sessions
with your therapist.
So you don't have to see anyone on camera if you don't want to.
And it's also much more affordable than in-person therapy.
And you can start communicating with your therapist in under 48 hours.
So guys, the holidays are stressful.
You know, we're seeing family, things come up.
If you can't afford therapy, you don't have access to it.
Check out better help.
All right, better help.com forward slash what's that.
Where you can unload the stressors and get some unbiased feedback.
So again, this podcast is sponsored by Better Help.
And the headgun podcast listeners get 10% off their first month at betterhelp.com slash what's that?
That's BETT-E-R-H-E-L-P.com slash what's that?
Thanks, Better Help.
And we're back.
We're absolutely back.
Monday afternoon for all of us trying to come back from getting so angry because I was really starting to grip my teeth there for a second.
But I think we should move on.
Let's just say great idea even though I don't feel that way.
Let's just say great idea.
I'll take it.
I'll take any praise even if it's false.
Okay.
I wrote this segment in mind because I knew that Zach was coming on the show with that in mind, I should say.
And Zach, you're right, or for what we do in the shadows.
I mean, nominated show.
You're kind of a mid-level writer now, right?
Yeah, I mean, is that really interesting to like your listenership, the like specifics of my title on this show?
Story editor.
Executive story editor.
Do you really, I get, yeah, I guess that was an exact story editor of the most recent season of this show.
Cool.
I mean, well, I wrote no so that means it really cares about it.
And basically means that you're making a little bit more money.
Yes.
Well, as I've stated, money is important to me.
So that is, that is huge for me.
I think that anybody who writes wants to get better.
And the only way to do that is to show you writing to other people and get feedback.
Okay.
So I wrote a couple scenes.
This was just like, sometimes you just need to like, journal, sometimes you need to dream journal,
sometimes you just need to get dialogue out that stuck in your head and then figure out what it's for later on.
So I was wondering if we could kind of, in fact, we could do a little table read of a couple scenes that I wrote.
And then Zach, I could get your opinions on it, your notes, but also pull the room to see what kind of show or movie that these scenes could go into.
Does that make sense?
I mean, not really, but I think I understand what's going to happen.
You know, great.
That's all we need.
I think it makes sense, but I understand it.
This is the first scene.
Let's get Johnny.
Why don't you be Johnny?
And a mere, you'll be untitled character.
That's never happened.
There's no, there's never such, there's like, give me like my occupation or like worker or guy, but I've never seen untitled character.
Zach, you work in television.
Is that yeah.
Press it out.
That would be a big, big, no, no.
Intelligent.
It would just be confusing.
Yeah.
And I'm just saying, Jeffrey, you're not up to a good start.
That's fine.
And maybe all I need for that, that's a quick fix is just, okay, let's name him like Tyler or something.
But let's just, let's read it and we'll get into it.
I actually think that the name that I ended up putting in, it is a placeholder will make sense after we read the scene.
So, I'm here.
Your untitled character, Johnny, your Donnie.
Let's, and then Zach, you can go action or whatever you want to do.
All right.
Sounds good.
We can bring in that MP3 file.
Oh, that's funny.
I want to read that movie right now.
I don't need to.
Yeah, different segments.
Yeah.
Yeah, but this is going to be boring.
All right.
Yeah.
Here's some.
Okay.
And action.
The vaccine doesn't make your blood boil.
It's not what I said.
I said the fact that we have to even take the vaccine makes my blood boil.
So your anti-vax?
I'm not anti, sorry.
I'm anti-COVID.
This shit sucks.
Sorry.
Can we start over?
It's just like, yeah.
Because it is so much about rhythm and flow.
Because it is, this one's supposed to be comedy.
So let's do it again.
This is just for a table read, but yeah.
I thought I was the director.
Also, I'm sorry.
I'm just talking to the one who's like sort of calling cut.
Yeah.
Giving actors notes.
Run the room as you want.
But like, if I hear anything, even the little listening
that buns be on my left to stop the old thing.
Okay.
Seeding it to you.
All right.
Here's Donnie.
That's good.
Can we get that in the street?
We can add it, but just like, it was my idea, then.
Not really.
I said, you guys don't.
And here we go.
I'll give an action.
Okay.
All right.
Action.
Here's Donnie.
The vaccine doesn't make your blood boil.
That's not what I said.
I said the fact that we have to even take the vaccine
makes my blood boil.
So you're anti-vax?
I'm anti-COVID.
This shit sucks.
Right.
But I can't seem to nail down your actual opinion.
Do you hate the virus because it's killed millions?
Yes.
Obviously.
Okay.
But you also hate the vaccines.
I hate.
You're really not getting it.
I hate the virus, obviously.
And I hate the fact that we have to even take the vaccines.
Okay.
Got it.
So you're pro-vax.
It's just a hassle to you.
I never said that.
You're not pro-vax?
No.
I took the vaccine.
I'm saying.
Lower your voice, please.
Sorry.
Lower your voice.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
It's fine.
Just.
Yeah.
I'm saying I didn't say that exact sentence that you just said is all.
This isn't how conversations were.
And what do we have to say?
That's the end of the scene.
Check the gate.
So, okay.
Wow.
First of all, I just want to say great job to about the actors.
You brought a lot to the performance.
Maybe.
And the situation we're not allowed much was on the page.
Thank you.
Yeah.
And I would have made them longer.
But I didn't, you know.
Or just ideas.
Yeah.
I don't mean like not that much quality-wise.
I mean more quality-wise.
I would say in terms of the script.
I think it's, it's interesting.
It's definitely eye-catching.
And great.
And sort of gets you, and gets you thinking a little bit.
It's a little confusing.
Which I think is really the thing you don't want in the script.
Whenever I'm writing my scripts,
I really want to be clear what's going on in it.
And this is not really hitting me on that dog.
I'm kind of like ready, Jackson.
On the American Idol with my judging.
You're being like Simon Cowell.
But yeah.
Yeah.
But he said dog.
He said dog.
Yeah.
Simon Cowell would never say anything like that.
So you're kind of being stupid.
Yeah.
The opinion of it though.
It's always Simon.
Just like, let's echo.
Yeah.
So basically, all this to say, dog.
This is not very simple.
And, you know, but keep at it.
And I'm curious to see what other writing you'll do.
Maybe hone in on making a list confusing.
Okay.
So be clear.
That's a good note.
I thought this was, but, you know,
you think it's clear when the character's name is untitled character.
Even a name can put like some sort of backstory to a character.
That would help them mirror a lot for sure.
Or just whoever's going to act in this.
Yeah.
I mean, I could also say a bunch of stuff about the performances.
Like the cadence of it, the rhythm.
It was all off.
And the scene.
So like, I'm trying to like hold that.
Right.
You weren't directing the scene.
Where are you?
Now, another thing is that you said before the scene that it would become clear why the character was not named.
And I'm having great idea.
It's not clear to me.
Why that is.
It's not clear at the end.
Yeah.
No, because it's untitled character.
Because like, Donnie can't understand untitled character's stance.
You wrote another scene.
You just sent us another scene.
Oh, good.
Yeah.
We have more.
It was called SC1.
I was scared.
There was going to be more.
And this.
I mean, you guys didn't like that one.
That's fine.
Let's just move on to the next one.
Okay.
This one.
Amir.
Why don't you be any power?
And Johnny, why don't you be phase on?
Phase on.
Okay.
These are good names.
The same way I was negative right at the top.
The last one.
I'm going to be positive.
These are good names.
That's like half the battle.
Okay.
I'm already feeling more confident about that one.
Are we allowed to improper?
Let's do one pass without.
And then that'll be the only pass we do.
Okay.
Cool.
All right.
And places.
And action.
Should we move houses?
Phase on.
The last thing I said to you was that.
The last thing I said.
Sorry.
Let's take it from the top.
I'm feeling as if I did.
You're straight.
And this is like, I'm trying not to get angry at everybody because I'm just so insecure.
But wait.
Yeah.
That's an instant sack where you could call cut and then go from the top.
Like you're having your actors.
I'm trying to use everything.
That's how that's my school of directors.
You're just like some of the greatest SLL skits ever had a lot of breaking.
You know.
So that's a lot of serious about them.
Okay.
We figured out that your scripts.
We don't know what they're for.
So they could be for some sort of live special.
We also didn't.
On the first scene.
We didn't say what that could be a part of.
I think it could be a part of like a CDCPSA.
No way.
Yeah.
No.
Absolutely.
I can't read there.
Can't be using messaging.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's get back to scene two.
Ready actors and action.
Should we move houses?
Based on the last thing I said to you was that I cheated on you with your boss.
It could.
It just could be huge.
Moving and all.
And that nothing phased on.
Really.
It's just he's so much richer and buffer than you are.
We could move to a place with a gym in the building.
Yeah.
Good call.
Are you hearing me?
He phased on.
You don't seem heard at all.
No.
I don't get me wrong.
I'm devastated.
But I just can't stop thinking about a duplex.
And.
Cut.
Did.
There's so much more to the scene.
Yes.
Did I.
Did my.
I just wanted to give a note.
Okay.
We'll pick it up.
You guys are doing great.
Okay.
And just sort of keep up.
Keep it up and have keep having fun with it.
All right.
So that's keep it up from where we cut and everybody ready.
Yeah.
And action.
Okay.
Do you have anything you want to express phase on?
Honestly.
And I know this is going to be hard to hear.
But.
I truly think we need a place with a two car garage.
Faith.
I fucked your boss.
I fucked him like twice.
I mean, because we're going to probably have to get.
We're probably going to have to get an EV in a few years.
And it'd be nice to be able to charge it in the.
Oh, yeah.
The garage.
Honestly, phase on.
This is part of why I think I felt compelled to cheat.
You never listen.
Well, do you know what?
I'm sorry, but I don't think that's a reason to cheat on your husband.
I really don't.
And excuse me for not listening to you right now.
But you're breaking my freaking heart.
I'm sorry.
It's on.
Okay.
And then we should say there's a cut.
And you say there's a thing on that last line.
Yeah.
Where did he have power?
Who's a mirror?
There's no way.
There's a beat.
But the beat says beat.
Not of silence of drums.
So how could I have done that?
You could just air drum.
You could have, um, I don't know.
Drum roll, please.
On your lap.
Any.
My character, any power says phase on literally.
Every line.
But there's only two people.
I don't want to.
People in the scene.
You say it once at most.
To like, I guess get across his name.
Yeah.
But there's no need.
Are you hearing me phase on?
Do you have anything?
Yeah.
Press phase on.
These are all.
We all listen.
Yeah.
Because phase on.
Never calls.
Never calls her 80 power.
What?
Yeah.
And that was good.
When I was reading the character.
I felt like that was missing.
That's what.
That's the issue that you had performance was.
Yeah.
Build the character.
Because your, because phase on didn't say the words any power.
Yeah.
Because like, I mean, first off, we're doing a table read through a screen, which
already is so impersonal.
If I had the name any power come out my tongue, then I think that would have
been a lot more personal for me.
Okay.
Just as an actor.
But like, you're obviously trying to be a director or writer, whatever the fuck.
So like, I know it doesn't perform or how it's going to be supposed to feel.
Yeah.
And then so let's, let's get your thoughts on the, the quantity and the quality.
And then let's let's all of us kind of figure out what scene this could, what kind of thing
this could be seen in.
Quality wise.
I think there was a pretty good amount of it.
And then terms of quality.
I'd say it was a bit better than the first one.
Which I think is you always want to be going up.
Yeah.
How are you still unsure about what thing this could be a scene in?
Like, that's the first thing you figure out.
You wrote a scene and you still don't know what thing that scene could be in.
Right.
That's such a backwards way to do it.
No, because I have these ideas in my head.
So I have to get them out.
It's like how, you know, a songwriter will just like record three chords.
No, like, oh, that's a progression.
I'll work with it later.
It's okay to kind of take stock when inspiration hits or moves you brightly.
Yeah.
I guess I would say I don't, I don't really get the set.
This is part of the larger thing.
You know, it feels kind of self-good day.
Like, maybe a sketch or something.
I mean, I'd say for part of it, it has a bit of a game to it.
You know, not to go all UCB on you guys.
But a game is sort of the kernel of the sketches.
The funny thing is the engine.
And in this piece, there's a simple game that I'll describe to you right now.
It just means like the monster from it follows.
Sorry, just spirits of the UCB four were sort of taking over me.
Yeah.
I really said to one of the episodes that you're on last,
and you didn't remember Ian McRobberts or whatever the fuck his name is name.
So I don't say the spirit of the UCB four ran through your veins.
Yeah.
I mean, it's like you're so close to people.
You don't have to like know their name.
It's more than names.
It's a feeling before the way the guide be every single day.
Never mind.
I was going to compliment the game of this sketch.
And because you were so rude, I'm not going to do it.
The scene is bad.
And I think it would could you could put it in a weird commercial, maybe.
I'm like a weird commercial, but it's like, it's like berries and cream skittles.
So like it ends up being a favorite.
Yes.
It's like random humor commercial for like tide.
And then at the end, they're like, oh, sure could have used some tide.
I might have helped out this crazy situation where it.
Yeah.
And that's a good song for any commercials.
I mean, commercials are good, good, good solid money.
Which you care about.
Yeah.
I mean, everyone does.
So.
All right.
I'm just a normal guy.
You can't believe there's a third one.
Let's do this.
It's this one's a little shorter.
So why don't we give?
Let's give a mirror a break from acting.
So I'm here.
You direct this one.
And then Zach.
I'd love to see you be a sign filled.
And Johnny, you could be lawyer.
Can I ask a question before we start of the director?
Yeah.
And I'm here.
Do you.
The carrier's name is sign filled.
I don't know if it's meant to be similar to.
Jerry's sign filled, but you want me to do an impression of Jerry's sign filled or just sort of do my own take on it.
Interesting.
Let's do it as Jerry because this is not just glancing over.
This is a short-ish scene.
It's pretty short.
Yeah.
Awesome.
And it's hard because like, yeah.
And action.
All right.
I think you have a case.
I do, too.
But aren't you worried?
Everyone's just going to laugh through my testimony because of my name.
Your name?
Yeah.
Fuck.
I didn't think about that.
And that's it.
Yeah.
So that's why he's a bad note to give because it's the whole point is that it's his last name.
His name is Jerry's sign filled, but he's not that Jerry's sign filled.
So that's it.
I mean, you didn't even mention that.
Multiple people can talk like that.
Yeah.
It may be that would even complicate the case.
The odds are so low that his name is Jerry's actually like him.
Like my impression does.
It would be an interesting regal.
I think to the situation here.
And you look, I'm not that I'm an expert.
You know what I need.
Sure.
I'm a writer.
But like, I'm not saying I know better than you.
But this is what I would do personally.
Okay.
I mean, I did ask for your specific advice.
So I guess I'll make him borderline a sign filled in person.
But not sign filled.
But his name is Jerry's sign filled.
And then this is an example of when you would want to use the name.
But you don't use it.
It'll last name at all.
And the last thing you said face on every line.
And this is when you would want to use it.
I think you have a case sign filled.
Yeah.
I do.
The sign filled.
Yeah.
But if you have a situation where the actors perform it is so clear and good.
It sounds so much like Jerry's sign filled.
You don't really need to say it.
Well, two things to just rebutton respond to that is one in context.
And we'll again figure out what this could be a part of scene wise.
You would know that his name is sign filled.
Jerry's sign filled.
You know, maybe he has a place or something.
Maybe he was an episode of side fell.
There's something.
Yeah.
No context.
Again, the entire point is that it's not Jerry.
It's just stuff.
That's my one.
Shit.
This is tough.
God.
Right.
It could be so hard.
Well, I thought it would forget that.
It's supposed to be fun.
And then like, look at you guys expressions.
Like, Johnny's never been angry or mirrors checking his email.
And it's like smiling, but it's more a grin of shagrin.
What a pain smile for you.
A grin of shagrin.
It's already dark there.
It's 140 here.
And L.A. and it's straight up cold and dark in New York or you are already.
It actually was a nice day today.
Do we have any ideas of what that.
So you want that to be an episode of side fell.
And then the only note that you had was to add names, which was the kind of goes back on the note that you gave for
Seen two here we go.
Seen four.
I would just say in terms of quantity.
This one is lacking a bit.
It's so it's so short.
It's only three lines.
Okay.
So this is one native analysis qualitative analysis.
And then what the scene should be a part of.
Contextual.
Yeah.
You send another one.
Just so I can mentally prepare.
Yeah.
How many scenes did you really good question?
Five.
This is seen for.
My god.
Okay.
Cool.
All right.
This was supposed to be fun.
Yeah.
Um.
Amir.
Why don't you be Russell and Johnny.
You'll be lady.
And then.
Yeah.
Zack.
You're sort of in that director's chair again.
How did you switch this out for the one short.
Yeah.
You want to see me.
It's hard to direct.
It's a lot.
So I wanted to give him a break.
A lot of people act in direct and write even.
A tours.
You want to be a multi-hifin it.
Isn't that true?
Like in Hollywood?
It's important to be able to do all three.
And I guess in terms of order.
Writing is the hardest because you have to like make shit up from nothing.
Acting is the second hardest because you just have to say the words in an interesting way.
And then again, directing could be replaced by a mechanical bull of sorts that accidentally
says action once every half an hour.
So that would be the easiest.
Yeah.
Definitely.
So I'd like to see the MP3 try writing in acting too.
Just to see if it has a problem.
We act.
Also like if the line is literally just that word action or you can report whatever.
That makes it easy.
Writing there's no way because it's like literally like I have a blank page and I have to
create an entire universe.
That's true.
But with some of the advances in science, it's difficult to say what will become possible
in the next few years.
Yeah.
Agreed.
Imagine the director.mp3 getting an e-got.
That would be pretty sick.
A Tony.
E-got.
All of them.
No, just that the Tony seems like the least likely.
Or even a we got, which is a webby and then the other four.
Webby seems like it'd be the easiest.
That's kind of its turf.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's get into this scene.
Okay.
This is maybe my favorite.
Cool.
And action.
Sorry you Italian.
I'm Korean.
Oh, nice.
How could you think I was Italian?
Listen.
I love to be upfront with what I'm looking for.
So I'm just going to put it out there.
I want to date you.
I really do.
I think you're wonderful.
Flash Italian.
There it is again, right?
My family is from Busan.
Milan?
No.
I haven't thought.
I've built this deep.
Keep it all in.
I'm not cutting.
This is all in there.
I haven't felt it.
I haven't felt this deep connection in a while.
What's funny?
Huh?
You can't go.
What's funny?
This is racist.
That best.
Oh, sorry.
I was just thinking about you.
Sorry.
I was just thinking about you showing me around Sicily.
Sicily.
I wouldn't be able to.
And that's not funny.
It's been hard life for me actually.
Doesn't your dad on TV.
That's true.
Ha.
You know, I actually feel it kind of better now that you mentioned that.
You forgot.
I'm going to grab a couple canolees you on in.
No, thank you.
Name's Russell, by the way.
I know.
This is our second date.
That's true.
Later.
Cut.
Wow.
I mean, I think you might have something here.
I mean, it definitely is racist as.
Oh, yeah.
Sort of all got to experience.
But I think if we're able to maybe work around that.
You definitely hit on something pretty interesting with this piece.
I disagree.
Because it disagree.
This was supposed to be a hard drama.
And no way.
I'm here with laughing hard.
So that's.
There's no way to be drama.
He's basically talking to an Asian woman insisting that she's Italian.
And then demands that she's show him around Sicily.
And then at a certain point says we should go get canolees.
It's all really weird.
Really a comedic piece.
Okay.
If not hard drama, like a once style romance movie where there's maybe like moments of light
hardedness, but it's mostly about connection.
Yeah.
I'd say this brings me to another one of my big writing tips for you and everyone listening,
which is you have to know yourself as a writer.
So okay.
Someone like Jeffrey.
You might want to write a hard job.
He might want to write a one style beautiful romance.
But that's not who he is.
You know, he's he's a funny guy.
And he's just got right things that are more sort of comedic,
ish and tone.
And you have to know yourself just like every writer must.
Must know, uh, themselves.
Thank you.
Oh, I don't think so.
Great insights, Zach.
Yeah.
Thank you, Johnny.
Um, I really appreciate that.
And I know, I know myself.
I know that I'm a pretty damn good writing teacher.
So yeah.
But no seriousness.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Not even 10 minutes ago.
You said I'm not an expert.
I'm not claiming to be an expert.
But here we go.
Scene five.
Hey.
You know, you could be a great teacher and not an expert.
Always be humble.
Always be learning writing.
Get number eight.
Oh.
Um.
All right.
This is the last scene.
Here we go.
Let's do a mirror.
Why don't you be funny?
And Johnny, you could be Ikea manager.
It's not completely dark out, right?
Yeah.
Like night has be following you.
Correct.
451 p.m.
Okay.
Back to directing.
No more no part for me.
You know, maybe they can be like a hitchcock style.
Cameo on this one.
That would be a lot.
I want to do that.
Okay.
I'm going to sort of find the perfect place to insert myself.
All right.
Yeah.
And just like no need to tell us where that is.
I think I trust that you can feel it out as the director.
Yeah.
I agree.
All right.
And actors ready.
Okay.
Action.
All right.
What seems to be the problem.
You guys don't have the.
Yeah.
What does he have to be the problem?
So now you're at.
Sorry.
Can I cut because now you're in the entire scene because that's like.
What's up?
No.
Because now you're in the entire scene because you basically asked the same question as the
IKEA manager, which means you're going to be standing there for the whole scene.
And it's weird if you don't say something.
It's weird if you do.
I don't even remember what happened, man.
I was just so feeling in the scene.
I wouldn't do it.
I usually hit.
It's lost through.
It's kind of cool that you like.
He's not only just there, but he's also sort of backing up the IKEA manager.
Yeah.
You're pushing the art forward in terms of cameos.
I don't think so.
I really don't.
I like trying to be like sort of modern.
Better.
Hitchcock.
And so those are my.
The things I bring in the table.
All right.
This time this time I'll do more of a visual.
I'll try to more of a visual.
Can't be only for the video.
Okay.
Great.
Action.
Okay.
It seems to be the problem.
You guys don't have the.
Sorry.
It's kind of distracting.
I can see like the top half of your head.
You're not fully out of frame.
You're bent down the way that it's hard to raise.
I literally say you're kind of shaking.
You can visual appearance.
Can you move this dream or not move yourself?
Yeah.
I'll try that.
All right.
Let's go to the top.
To the top.
And action.
What seems to be the problem.
You guys don't have the actor sectional.
Unfortunately, not in store at the moment.
But we can order it to the store.
Why would I want you to order it to the store when I could just order it to my house?
Would you like to do that?
Why would I order it in store to my house when I could just do it online from my house?
You definitely can do that if you like.
This sucks.
So.
Zach is starting to sort of.
Is this on purpose?
You're peeking into the frame.
I don't know.
Yeah.
We don't know if the screen is like slipping.
That's the.
That's the talk.
Keep to see it going.
Okay.
It was a thumbs up.
This sucks so much balls.
Um.
Say it was me.
Wait.
He's.
Yeah.
He went back.
He's sliding up.
Okay.
But not even fully.
Like you can still see the crown of a set.
There he is.
Say it with me.
You want me to say this sucks so much balls right now.
Okay.
This sucks so much balls right now.
No.
Not right now.
That's not what I said.
Let's say it the first time.
But you added right now when I specifically asked you what you wanted me to say.
I key a sucks.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
The littlest portion of Zach's hair in the frame.
Still in it.
Yeah.
He's still in it.
It's just.
You didn't say it the first time.
Uh, all right.
A kiss sucks.
Oh, yeah.
Hands the phone to the manager.
Can you route me to the nearest restoration hardware?
Restoration.
That place is like 600 times more expensive than Ikea, right?
Damn it.
Today sucks.
It's sucking so much balls right now.
I swear to God.
Can you please stop saying that?
This is a family establishment.
Sure.
You said it earlier.
Yeah.
Sure.
Okay.
And cameo.
Cut.
All right.
I got to be honest.
I wasn't paying much attention.
I couldn't.
Yeah.
You can't do both.
I guess not.
That's also the least amount.
It would be in it.
Something today.
Yeah.
See you're always learning.
Like you said.
That's why it's so hard to do people.
Be the multi-hifin it.
Like a lot of people can't do both.
Let alone at the same time.
It's so hard.
I think the scene was.
The scene was really good.
The part I paid attention to.
I thought all three performances were amazing.
And so I just honestly had to up to all the actors.
And this was an interesting piece, Jeffrey.
Where wherever is your head out when you were putting this one together?
This one was just like, I was trying to get the actor up.
And they didn't have it.
And so it was just kind of tough.
Are you from from life?
It's a housing swap.
Wait, you're ordering a couch there?
Yeah.
You're ordering?
Their couch just wasn't cutting it for my ass.
So I had to kind of go get another.
Sectional.
You're swapping apartments for a month or two.
Yeah.
They have a couch in there.
You bought a storage.
You got storage unit.
Just to put their couch away.
Yeah.
Because it wasn't cutting it.
What was wrong with their couch?
By the way, you got in that key account.
It's not like you splurged.
What was their couch?
Yeah.
Their couch was like pottery bar and teen or something.
Pottery bar and adult.
That's so fancy, so expensive.
Yeah.
It just wasn't cutting it for my ass.
You said how do you, yeah, you said that.
Where's the storage?
It's in Bushwick.
Why are we grilling me about this right now?
I don't think you're out here.
You like to get a you all or something?
Yeah.
Well, there's like a moving service here called,
What the hell is it called?
Clutter.
Yeah.
So that was a lot of places actually.
That was.
How long are you even there?
Are you going back to Cleveland soon for the holidays?
I'm going back to Cleveland on the 20th and then from there right before
New Year's I go back to LA.
You're not even staying in New York.
No, I was only here for a month and a half.
So how long are you going to use in this couch?
You got it'll have been because I moved into this apartment on Saturday,
which is the fourth and then I leave for Cleveland on the 20th.
So it's been six, it'll be 16 days.
That's your New Yorker.
It's two weeks and two days.
And then by the way, most of that time,
you'll have been in Cleveland.
Because we went to Cleveland for Thanksgiving for about a week.
And then you're going for 11 more days.
It's more times in Cleveland than in New York.
I never said that I was going to be here for.
I never promoted it as like I'm moving here permanently.
So I don't know why you're upset.
And then you're going to swap the couches back.
What I'll have to end up doing is do clutter or
another moving equivalent.
I saw something on the building out here that said two men in a truck or three men in a truck
in different cheaper prices.
Take this sofa to the storage unit or somewhere that I could sell it or
can sign it and then get the other one that they had pottery bond.
So I'm not going for a fucking steak.
Because it wasn't cutting fit.
It wasn't cutting it with my ass.
That means nothing.
But obviously means nothing.
Amir, I love the Dutch angle.
That's going on under video speed right now.
Speaking of hitchcock.
Yeah.
As a director, I love to see stuff like that.
That's how you do it.
Yeah.
Well, listen, I appreciate you guys taking the time for this table read.
I appreciate the notes that you guys gave, especially Zack.
And I do think that once I implement these,
it could make me a stronger writer or not.
We'll see.
And I'll get probably get back to you.
Maybe the next time we're on the show.
But either way.
Thank you.
I can barely remember a single concrete note I gave you.
So it's hard to think about really how it's going to help you.
No.
You said be clear and make sure that people know what's happening even in a scene.
Okay.
You're right.
He said name your characters instead of leaving placeholders like untied.
I think next time.
Here's another piece of advice is the side what what it is before you write it.
Yes.
It's like a TV show.
That's high-liter movie.
You know.
That's well.
But when you're off to a great start.
And yeah, I mean, you really are showing something really interesting as a writer.
And that's what I want to do.
And I wasn't sure if I should be discouraged by this.
Yeah.
I mean, look, we all like arrive at like the realization that it's not going to work out at our own pace.
You know what I mean?
So I'm not trying to rush you there.
I'm just saying.
But you do want going at the pace or on.
And you think that path.
Whenever you wait, whenever you get there, it doesn't matter to me.
Wait, is that you feel okay?
Not if, ever.
It's awesome being on the podcast.
Um.
Plugs.
Zach, what do you have going on?
What do you want to point to people to for years?
You can just follow me on Twitter.
I mean, Zach, don't type that in.
And you're going to find me and enjoy the ride.
Yeah.
It gets a little bit raggy at times.
But you're going to be happy you're there and buckle up.
Nice.
Yeah.
And I have fun, everybody.
Have a really good happy holidays.
You know, a lot of guests don't think about that kind of stuff.
But I just hope that he would go through any other times in their life that you get through it.
Okay.
And I'm here for you.
It's a little, it's kind of self-congratulations to be like a lot of guests.
So do this thing that I think is positive.
But I'm going to do it.
He's right.
I'm laying the groundwork sort of for the what the world we're in and the way I differ from it.
You know, but I'm just trying to be nice.
So if that's a that's a crime lock me up.
Oh, okay.
That's funny actually.
Thanks.
Johnny.
Uh, I just want to congratulate Zach on such a nice little plug.
A nice little plug at the end there about wishing everyone a happy holidays.
Um, really.
That was a really good job.
Great thing.
Really nice.
And stuff like that inspires me to keep going and keeps spreading kindness to everybody.
So really you're the biggest hero ever.
Oh, I see.
Thanks.
Thank you for congratulating me in return.
No, because it's this weird snake eating its own tip.
You're welcome.
It's all you.
Yeah.
Congrats on that.
Thanks.
All right.
So in terms of my plugs, you can follow me on Instagram at Johnny V.
Jail H and NYVI.
Instagram.
It's great.
Is that it?
Yeah.
That'll be it.
Come here.
You were saying that you might join the meta version.
Yeah.
I'm not quite there yet.
So you can't follow me on the metaverse.
But we're all sort of trending slowly marching towards there.
Living in a completely virtual reality.
But for now, you can follow me on TikTok.
Okay.
Blu-mer.
Is the name of the game?
Yeah.
Go 90.
Get bent.
Hell yeah.
F. Yes.
And you can follow me on Twitter at Jeff Boyardy on Instagram at Jeffrey James.
And you can follow my writing on a sub stack that I'll probably set up between now and when this.
So it comes out.
Oh, what a sub stack.
You're going to do that.
For real.
Maybe.
It's hard because it's like.
I like word it, man.
No, it has to be a constant practice.
You have to put, you know, theoretical,
like notes that and put it into practice.
You have to implement.
And I want to watch.
Morning pages.
And and warning pages.
You know, sending people threatening notes here and there.
That's all right.
So exactly.
We know where I'm.
You live.
And we'll figure it up.
Okay.
That is.
Great.
All right.
We need to have the button.
That was a hit them original.